added Get Started and Overview docs for review (#348)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/Get started/quickstart.md

- **#r** and **#intro_r**: for discussing R programming with the wider Ministry of Justice community; #intro_r is aimed at new users

Additionally, in the Justice Digital **workspace** join the following:
- [**#analytical-platform-support**](https://mojdt.slack.com/archives/C4PF7QAJZ): for tracking [support queries raised by users of the Analytical Platform on GitHub Issues](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/data-platform-support/issues)
- [**#ask-operations-engineering**](https://mojdt.slack.com/archives/C01BUKJSZD4): for requesting support with GitHub; you can use this channel to request access to the Analytical Platform later in this guide

## 3. Create GitHub account

Using your work email address (ending either **justice.gov.uk** or **digital.justice.gov.uk**), [sign up for a GitHub account](https://github.com/join). See the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/signing-up-for-github/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account) for instructions. Ensure that:

- your account uses the free plan subscription
- you choose a username that does not contain upper-case characters (for good practice)

> - you set your Git username for **every** repository on your device; see the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/setting-your-username-in-git) for instructions

Reviewer: I think this would be unclear for people unfamiliar with git

```suggestion
- you set your username as the 'global' default on your device (so all of your git commands are run as you); see the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/setting-your-username-in-git) for instructions
```

If you do not receive a response within 24 hours, request access in either the [**#ask-operations-engineering**](https://mojdt.slack.com/archives/C01BUKJSZD4) Slack channel or email **operations-engineering@digital.justice.gov.uk**, providing your GitHub username in your message.

### Sign in to the Control Panel

The main entry point to the Analytical Platform is the [Control Panel](https://controlpanel.services.analytical-platform.service.justice.gov.uk/). From there, you configure core tools such as JupyterLab and RStudio.

When you access the Control Panel for the first time, a prompt will appear requiring you to configure 2FA using your mobile device. Note that while you use your GitHub account to access the Control Panel, **this 2FA is separate from the one you use to log in to GitHub**. You may need to disable browser extensions such as Dark Mode during the 2FA setup process.

After you log in to the Control Panel for the first time, you can begin requesting access to data on the platform.

> 

Reviewer: Looks good up until this point, but after that why are we directing people to download and install JupyterLab and RStudio tools on their local machines? They're available on the AP and ready to use.

Author: Will fix
